.TH erwiz 1 "October 2011"
.SH NAME
erwiz \- convert the text-based entity-relationship model to an image
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B erwiz
.RI [ OPTIONS...]
.RI INFILE
.RI OUTFILE
.SH DESCRIPTION
.\" Add any additional description here
.P
Convert INFILE to OUTFILE.
.P
INFILE has to be a text-based entity-relationship model with the erwiz syntax as described in \fI/usr/share/doc/erwiz/htmldoc/index.html\fR.
.PP
OUTFILE is the image file which Erwiz creates while it's rendering the model. Common image types are \fIjpg\fR, \fIpng\fR, \fIpdf\fR and \fIsvg\fR. Other available types are:
.P
.RS
bmp canon cmap cmapx cmapx_np dot eps fig gd gd2 gif gv ico imap imap_np ismap jpe jpeg plain plain-ext ps ps2 svgz tif tiff tk vml vmlz vrml wbmp x11 xdot xlib 
.RE
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-h\fR
Print the usage.
.TP
\fB\-n notation\fR
Use this ERD notation style for the rendering. Available notations are id (default), ie-strict and idef1x.
.TP
\fB\-f font\fR
Use this font for the rendering.
.TP
\fB\-c color\fR
Use color as the default entity color. Available colors are white (default), red, blue, green, yellow and orange.
.SH EXAMPLES
Convert the model to the PNG raster image in the same directory:
.P
.RS
erwiz model.txt erd.png
.RE
.P
Convert the model to a SVG vector graphic in the same directory:
.P
.RS
erwiz model.txt erd.svg
.RE

Convert the model to a PDF vector graphic in the same directory and use red as the default entity background color:
.P
.RS
erwiz -c red model.txt erd.pdf
.RE

Convert the erwiz example model to a PNG raster image in the tmp directory:
.P
.RS
erwiz /usr/share/doc/erwiz/examples/example1.txt /tmp/erd.png
.RE
.SH AUTHOR
Erwiz was forked of Erviz which was written by Mitsuru Kono.
.P
This manual page was written by Romain Schmitz who is the main maintainer of the Erwiz project.
.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
Report erwiz bugs to <https://github.com/slopjong/Erwiz/issues/>. Alternatively you can post a comment on the maintainer's blog <http://slopjong.de/2011/02/26/whats-erviz/>.